So what should we do?
Prepare all company accounts and take them out
Borrow three days of profit
I want to throw myself to Master Zhao
If he comes to power
We already have a backer, I'll do it now
Master Hong, you brought it
You are Chen Xiaodao
I heard that you are looking for me, you are the red dog
I didn't come to you.
I'm here to take your head
Hahahahaha good
See if you have the ability to bring it up.
How is Dongzi?
The beard was caught.
Sorry, knife
I can't accept punishment
Don't blame you
I have been roaming the rivers and lakes for so many years
Anyone who dares to oppose me is dead
You kid has the guts to lick my head
Hmph, today I will let you see the coast
The most hellish top killer in Haishi
Let summer cool winter go first
It has nothing to do with him
I'm not qualified to talk about good conditions
Just take a breath